docker/swarm/README.md, before:

(credits to: https://github.com/big-data-europe/docker-hadoop-spark-workbench)
# Running Hadoop and Spark in Swarm cluster


Initialize the Swarm:
```
sudo docker swarm init
```
and use generated output to join other nodes to the Swarm.

Create an overlay network:
```
sudo docker network create -d overlay --attachable core
```
If it is the first time that you are going to execute the `docker-compose-hadoop-swarm.yml` (images are not cached in the file system and will be dowloaded from the Docker-Hub), you may be interested to the download progress, so first execute this pull command:
```
sudo docker-compose -f docker-compose-hadoop-swarm.yml pull
```
To deploy hadoop run:
```
sudo docker stack deploy -c docker-compose-hadoop-swarm.yml hadoop
```

When datanodes are deployed before namenode, they can not reach namenode over the network. In case this happened, restart the datanode service:
```
# First check the logs
sudo docker logs -f hadoop_datanode.mdpzql2nkqyabgikmy2ks9vgg.sl8hoqhrwd10kgrvagm2aopoe
# if there is a line 
# 17/09/25 08:06:19 WARN datanode.DataNode: Problem connecting to server: namenode:8020
# Check the service name
sudo docker service ls
# And restart the datanode service
sudo docker service update --force hadoop_datanode
```

As earlier for spark:
```
sudo docker-compose -f docker-compose-spark.yml pull
```
To deploy spark run:
```
sudo docker stack deploy -c docker-compose-spark.yml spark
```

Commit message:

Change version GATK and fixed some problems
Fixed problems with namenode and create the new docker image with the last version of GATK for the Spark master and introducing traefik

docker/swarm/README.md, after:

(credits to: https://github.com/big-data-europe/docker-hadoop-spark-workbench)
# Running Hadoop and Spark in Swarm cluster


Initialize the Swarm:
```
sudo docker swarm init
```
and use generated output to join other nodes to the Swarm.

Create an overlay network:
```
sudo docker network create -d overlay --attachable workbench
```

Create traefik service:
```
sudo docker service create \
    --name traefik \
    --constraint=node.role==manager \
    --publish 80:80 \
    --publish 8080:8080 \
    --mount type=bind,source=/var/run/docker.sock,target=/var/run/docker.sock \
    --network workbench \
    traefik:v1.1.0 \
    --docker \
    --docker.swarmmode \
    --docker.domain=traefik \
    --docker.watch \
    --web
```


If it is the first time that you are going to execute the `docker-compose-spark.yml` (images are not cached in the file system and will be dowloaded from the Docker-Hub), you may be interested to the download progress, so first execute this pull command:
```
sudo docker-compose -f docker-compose-spark.yml pull
```
To deploy hadoop run:
```
sudo docker stack deploy -c docker-compose-spark.yml spark

As earlier for Hadoop:
```
sudo docker-compose -f docker-compose-hadoop.yml pull
```
To deploy Hadoop run:
```
sudo docker stack deploy -c docker-compose-hadoop.yml hadoop
```
